every fisherman has a problem
replace tee on for in one ring
make it hands pretty lucrative
problematic difficult to eat of course
special winding pliers
rings
but they are quite expensive, I also
found an alternative
I bought such a medical tweezers
conventional medical store should he
my 20 hryvnia that's working no worse
than special device we take
tweezers
as you can see he has a clove on his ends
love the cone and we insert it
winding ring push the ring
run up insert tee
and we start that is in this procedure
the hardest thing is to straighten it initially
ring further it is already done manually
no problem here's one tee we changed
Now we will change 2 3 them the same
we insert
insect ring unbend it
we catch a transom
and start to the end
everything
take tees we
changed without problems very quickly
thank you all for your attention subscribe
put likes on our channel